#*/* nowerr.conf

#app-admin/rsyslog rsyslog.conf

#broken parallel build
app-admin/qtpass noparallel.conf
net-ftp/vsftpd noparallel.conf
net-libs/h323plus noparallel.conf
media-sound/mp3_check noparallel.conf
net-libs/libnet noparallel.conf
dev-lang/ocaml noparallel.conf
net-analyzer/netwox noparallel.conf
sys-devel/autogen noparallel.conf
media-libs/libwmf noparallel.conf
app-text/xdvik noparallel.conf
media-plugins/caps-plugins noparallel.conf
net-dialup/diald noparallel.conf
media-sound/qjackctl noparallel.conf
sys-apps/pcmciautils noparallel.conf
app-arch/arj noparallel.conf
media-sound/mpc noparallel.conf
media-libs/libjpeg-turbo noparallel.conf
media-libs/gegl noparallel.conf
media-video/avidemux noparallel.conf

# error: invalid conversion
#net-proxy/squid nowerr.conf

# -Ofast
games-fps/darkplaces games.conf
games-fps/dhewm3 games.conf
games-fps/freespace-scp games.conf
games-fps/openarena games.conf
games-fps/quake3 games.conf
games-fps/xonotic games.conf
games-fps/yamagi-quake2 games.conf
