#net-irc/hexchat noparallel.conf
app-admin/qtpass noparallel.conf
app-arch/arj noparallel.conf
app-text/texlive-core noparallel.conf
app-text/xdvik noparallel.conf
dev-lang/ocaml noparallel.conf
dev-perl/Pango noparallel.conf
dev-python/cython noparallel.conf
media-libs/gegl noparallel.conf
media-libs/libjpeg-turbo noparallel.conf
media-libs/libsvgtiny noparallel.conf
media-libs/libwmf noparallel.conf
media-plugins/caps-plugins noparallel.conf
media-sound/ardour noparallel.conf
media-sound/mp3_check noparallel.conf
media-sound/mpc noparallel.conf
media-sound/qjackctl noparallel.conf
media-sound/qtractor noparallel.conf
media-video/avidemux noparallel.conf
net-analyzer/net-snmp noparallel.conf
net-analyzer/netwox noparallel.conf
net-analyzer/nmap noparallel.conf
net-dialup/diald noparallel.conf
net-fs/samba noparallel.conf
net-ftp/vsftpd noparallel.conf
net-libs/h323plus noparallel.conf
net-libs/libnet noparallel.conf
net-libs/serf noparallel.conf
net-misc/ipsvd noparallel.conf
sci-libs/scipy noparallel.conf
sys-apps/pcmciautils noparallel.conf
sys-devel/autogen noparallel.conf
sys-fs/xfsdump noparallel.conf
sys-fs/xfsprogs noparallel.conf
sys-power/iasl noparallel.conf
www-apps/ikiwiki noparallel.conf
x11-libs/libX11 noparallel.conf
x11-wm/i3 noparallel.conf
